# Job Title, Current Rate, 8/1/2024, 2/15/2025, 4/15/2026, 4/15/2027, 4/15/2028  

# Hourly-Rated Employees  
General Plant Worker, 24.50, 26.63, 27.69, 28.54, 29.39, 30.03  
Syrup Room Certified, 25.95, 28.35, 29.75, 30.75, 31.55, 32.15  
Packer Operator, 24.70, 26.83, 27.89, 28.74, 29.59, 30.23  
Depalletizer Operator, 24.85, 26.98, 28.04, 28.89, 29.74, 30.38  
Labeler/Case Erector, 24.85, 26.98, 28.04, 28.89, 29.74, 30.38  
Filler Operator, 24.95, 27.08, 28.14, 28.99, 29.84, 30.48  
Yard Jockey, 25.60, 27.73, 28.79, 29.84, 30.49, 31.13  
Fork Lift Operator, 24.85, 27.40, 28.68, 29.74, 30.59, 31.23  
Utility Relay and Extra Driver, 24.85, 26.98, 28.04, 28.89, 29.74, 30.38  
Cooler Delivery Driver, 26.65, 28.78, 29.84, 30.69, 31.54, 32.18  
Pre mix/Post Mix Routeman, 25.05, 27.18, 28.24, 29.09, 29.94, 30.58  
Transport Driver, 25.60, 28.60, 30.10, 31.10, 31.95, 32.20  
Full Service Driver, 24.85, 26.98, 28.04, 28.89, 29.74, 30.38  
Bulk Driver, 28.45, 31.00, 32.28, 33.13, 33.98, 34.61  
Merchandiser, 20.60, 22.73, 23.79, 24.64, 25.49, 26.13  
Fleet Checker/Utility, 25.00, 27.13, 28.19, 29.04, 29.89, 30.53  
Fleet Class 1 Mechanic, 25.90, 30.58, 32.06, 32.91, 33.76, 34.40  
Fleet Master Mechanic, 28.20, 32.88, 34.36, 35.21, 36.06, 36.70  

# Vending & Maintenance Roles  
Vending Mechanic Trainee, 25.00, 27.55, 28.83, 29.68, 30.53, 31.16  
Vending Class 1 Mechanic (Grandfathered), 28.10, 32.78, 34.26, 35.11, 35.96, 36.60  
Vending Class 1 Mechanic (New Hires After 8/1/24), 25.90, 30.58, 32.06, 32.91, 33.76, 34.40  
Vending Master Mechanic, 28.20, 32.88, 34.36, 35.21, 36.06, 36.70  
Maintenance Tech L1 (Apprentice), 25.00, 27.55, 28.83, 29.68, 30.53, 31.16  
Maintenance Tech L2 (C-Level), 28.10, 32.78, 34.26, 35.11, 35.96, 36.60  
Maintenance Tech L3 (B-Level), 29.70, 34.38, 35.86, 36.71, 37.56, 38.20  
Maintenance Tech L4 (A-Level), 32.30, 36.30, 37.78, 38.63, 39.48, 40.12  
Maintenance Tech L5, 35.00, 38.32, 39.80, 40.65, 41.50, 42.14  
Maintenance Tech L6, 36.00, 40.12, 41.61, 42.46, 43.31, 43.95  
Production Engine Room, 29.70, 31.83, 32.89, 33.74, 34.59, 35.23  
Production Gold Seal Mechanic, 34.15, 37.30, 38.57, 39.42, 40.27, 40.91  
Building Electro Mechanic, 45.00, 47.13, 48.40, 49.25, 50.10, 50.74  

# Commission & Allowances (Non-Hourly)  
Driver Merchandisers (Weekly), 69.00, 74.95, 79.20, 82.60, 85.15, 87.70  
Commission per Case, 0.3574, 0.3829, 0.4084, 0.4254, 0.4424, 0.4509  
2 Liter Tray Return, 0.0700, 0.0743, 0.0785, 0.0785, 0.0785, 0.0785  
Pre-Sales Reps (Weekly), 69.00, 77.50, 82.60, 84.30, 86.00, 87.70  
Commission per Case (Pre-Sales), 0.1885, 0.2225, 0.2310, 0.2395, 0.2480, 0.2585  
Car Allowance - Sales (Monthly), 560.00, 572.00, 584.00, 594.00, 604.00, 614.00  
Mileage Reimbursement (per mile), 0.530, 0.5895, 0.6045, 0.6195, 0.6345, 0.6495  

# Special Roles & Premiums  
Blow Mold Operator, 26.20, 28.00, 29.35, 30.70, 31.60, 32.28  
Night Premium (per hour), 0.350, 0.50, -, -, -, -

MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Memorandum of Agreement is made by and between PEPSI-COLA & NATIONAL BRAND BEVERAGES, LTD., and BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTION CENTER, INC. (together referred to as "Employer" or "Company") and LOCAL 830, INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS ("Union") (collectively referred to as "Parties") to extend the Parties' collective bargaining agreement ("2019 CBA") which expires on July 31, 2024, for an additional term to expire on April 14, 2029. This Memorandum of Agreement has been endorsed by the Union's bargaining committee and is subject to ratification by the Union's covered membership and upon such ratification, the Parties shall reduce the terms and conditions provided for herein into a new collective bargaining agreement.

1. The terms and conditions provided for in the 2019 CBA shall remain unchanged except as provided for herein.

2. Each employee employed as of August 1, 2024, and then, on February 15, 2025, and, then, April 15 of each subsequent year of this Agreement shall receive wages as described in Appendix A to this Agreement, which is incorporated into and made a part hereof, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 2019 CBA.

3. ARTICLE IV, HOURS OF WORK, replace the last full sentence of Section (k) with the below:

In addition to the above listed employees, any employee hired after August 1, 2017, may, at the Company’s option, be assigned to a flexible workweek of any five consecutive eight-hour days or four consecutive ten-hour days at straight time. Any employee hired to work in any production role including, but not limited to, lab, manufacturing, and production maintenance after August 1, 2022, may, at the Company’s option, be assigned to a flexible workweek of any five (5) consecutive eight (8) hour days or up to four (4) consecutive or non-consecutive twelve (12) hour days. Any incumbent production employee may bid into a flexible schedule under this provision in accordance with this provision. Production employees working twelve-hour flex shifts shall be paid straight time for the first twelve (12) hours per day and the first forty (40) hours per workweek. Any employee that completes a scheduled workweek consisting of three (3) 12-hour shifts shall be paid forty (40) hours of straight time pay for that workweek. After forty (40) hours in a workweek employees shall be paid time and one half; after fifty-two (52) hours in a workweek employees shall be paid double time. No production employee working twelve (12) hour shifts shall be mandated to work greater than the equivalent of four (4) consecutive twelve (12) hour shifts. Nothing herein shall prevent any production employee from volunteering for overtime in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.”

4. ARTICLE IV, HOURS OF WORK, Section (o), add the following additional bullet points to the existing provision:

“◆ Warehouse Palletizer Forklift Operator
◆ Blow Mold Operator”

5. ARTICLE IV, HOURS OF WORK, add to existing Section (t):

“Employees with scheduled vacation shall be offered overtime for the weekend before and after their planned vacation, otherwise subject to the terms and conditions of the CBA.”

6. ARTICLE V, HOLIDAYS, revise to include:

“Employees may volunteer; however shall not be forced to work on named holidays.”

7. ARTICLE V, HOLIDAYS, Section (d), replace in its entirety with the below:

In accordance with the New Jersey’s Earned Sick Leave Law, each employee will be entitled to a maximum of six (6) personal paid holidays in each calendar year earned as set forth below. The “Personal Day” policy of the Company shall be as set forth on Exhibit A. Personal days shall be made available to Sales Department personnel on a one personal per day basis.

Employees shall earn personal holidays in the calendar year in which they are hired at the rate of one hour of personal holiday for every thirty (30) hours worked. Except for new hires as described herein, all employees shall have six (6) personal days available as of January 1 of each calendar year.

As provided for herein and for the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall not apply for any absence due to job-related illness or injury for a period of twelve (12) months from the commencement of such absence.

Any earned personal holidays not taken by an employee prior to December 15th of each year shall be paid for by Employer during the week prior to Christmas.

8. ARTICLE VI, VACATIONS, Section (b), revise as below:
“The vacation pay for an hourly driver or a driver whose regular rate of pay includes a commission for each week of vacation to which he is entitled shall be his average weekly earnings for the preceding year, ascertained by dividing his total earnings for the year by the number of weeks he has worked during the year.”

9. ARTICLE XXII, WELFARE, SCHOLARSHIP AND PENSION FUNDS WELFARE, PENSION FUND, revise the table in the center of page 25 of the 2020 CBA as below:
The weekly employee contributions shall not exceed the following:

Option A:
Employee Contributions \[ \frac{8/1/24}{$110.95} \] \[ \frac{4/15/26}{$119.83} \] \[ \frac{4/15/27}{$129.41} \] \[ \frac{4/15/28}{$139.77} \]

Option B:
Employee Contributions \[ \frac{8/1/24}{$66.57} \] \[ \frac{4/15/26}{$71.90} \] \[ \frac{4/15/27}{$77.65} \] \[ \frac{4/15/28}{$83.86} \]

10. ARTICLE XXII, WELFARE, SCHOLARSHIP AND PENSION FUNDS WELFARE, PENSION FUND, Section (b), revise as below:
Effective July 31, 2005, for employees retiring on or after such date, the Pepsi-Cola Pension Plan for eligible employees’ represented by Teamsters Local 830 shall provide a monthly retirement benefit of Fifty-Nine Dollars ($59.00) per month, or the multiplier in effect at the time of the employee’s retirement, times the employee’s credited years of service, up to a maximum of thirty-five (35) years at the normal retirement age of sixty-five (65), for employees retiring on or after that date. Employees who retire prior to age 65 will have their benefit amount reduced three percent (3%) for each year below 65 (the early retirement age is 55).

The Employer shall maintain the current defined benefit pension program for all current eligible employees. The multiplier shall be per year of service for future service only as follows:

\[\begin{array}{cccc}
\frac{1/1/2025}{$78} & \frac{1/1/2026}{$79} & \frac{1/1/2027}{$80} & \frac{1/1/2028}{$81} \\
\end{array}\]

The Employer shall make contributions on a payroll basis to the Local 830 401(k) Plan for any employee hired after July 26, 2015, following 90 days of fulltime employment. The current defined benefit pension plan shall not be offered to any employee hired after the ratification vote. The contributions to the Local 830 401(k) Plan shall be as follows: any employee with less than 10 years of service shall receive an annual contribution equal to 4% of his/her eligible compensation. Any employee with more than 10 years of service shall receive an annual contribution equal to 5% of his/her eligible compensation.

All Employer contributions provided for herein shall be remitted to the Plan by March 15 of the year following the year in which the contributions were earned.

11. ARTICLE XXII, WELFARE, SCHOLARSHIP AND PENSION FUNDS WELFARE, PENSION FUND, Section (C), “30 & OUT” PROVISION, replace the second full paragraph as below:

“A onetime lump sum retirement severance incentive of $15,000.00 shall be made available to all employees who have attained “30 and out” status under Article XXII of the CBA, who submit a written Notice to the Company, on or before September 1, 2024 of their intention to retire under such provision and do in fact so retire on or before December 31, 2024.” The said lump sum retirement severance incentive shall be paid upon such retirement, or at the employee’s option, on January 4, 2025, and may be rolled over to the Local 830 Savings Plan as permitted by Law.

12. ARTICLE XXV, DROP SHIPMENTS, Section (a), revise the first sentence as below:

“It is agreed that individual orders of 275 cases or more…”

13. ARTICLE XXVI, FUNERAL LEAVE, revise as below:

In case of a death in the immediate family (namely, the death of a parent, spouse, child, brother or sister, father-in-law or mother-in-law) of a regular full-time employee requiring the employee’s absence from his regularly scheduled assignments, the employee shall be granted a leave of absence of three (3) working days with pay and an additional two (2) days excused, unpaid leave so long as one of the days is the day of the funeral. Under no circumstances shall the application of this clause result in an increase in the employee’s weekly wages.

In the case of a death of a grandparent of a regular full-time employee requiring the employee’s absence from his regular scheduled assignments, the employee shall be granted a leave of absence on the day of the funeral with pay and an additional one (1) day excused, unpaid leave, provided it is a workday.

In the event the death of a relative herein occurs while the employee is on vacation, that portion of the vacation which becomes funeral leave in conformity with this Article XXXVI may be rescheduled at a later date.

In the event the funeral for a death covered by this Article is on a non-scheduled workday, one of the funeral leave days provided for herein must be taken on the next scheduled workday after the funeral.

14. ARTICLE XXXII, MISCELLANEOUS, Section (n), revise as below:

“Seven (7) utility positions may be used to fill open positions in the warehouse.”

15. ARTICLE XXXII, MISCELLANEOUS, add new Section (q) as below:

PANDEMIC LEAVE
Employees will not be required to take vacation or paid personal days when required to quarantine pursuant to applicable public health directives from a federal or state government agency due to exposure to or contracting an infectious disease during a government-declared public health emergency related to the same infectious disease. Employer may require written confirmation from a medical professional of the need to quarantine.

16. ARTICLE XXXIV, TERMINATION, replace in its entirety with the below:

“The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, become effective the 1st day of August, 2024, and shall continue in full force and effect up to and including the 14th day of April, 2029, and thereafter from year to year unless and until either party shall give to the other notice by registered mail at least two (2) months prior to the expiration date in 2029, or to the expiration date in any year thereafter, of an intention to terminate, cancel, or modify the Agreement.

17. SCHEDULE A, WAGES, SECTION 2, HOURLY-RATED EMPLOYEES, replace Section (i) in its entirety as follows:

“New or temporary employees hired after August 1, 2024 shall be paid as follows:  
90% of the rate (or base and commission) for the first six (6) months of continuous employment;  
95% of the rate (or base and commission) for the next six (6) months of continuous employment; and  
100% of the rate (or base and commission) after twelve (12) months of continuous employment.

When classification rate increases occur, the step rate hereunder shall be the appropriate percentage of the increased rate.

The Employer reserves the right to waive step rates at any time and pay a higher rate to an individual.”

18. SCHEDULE A, Section (m), revise as below:

“Sales Representatives shall not be required to be physically present at the Employer’s office on Fridays. Additionally, at the Employer’s sole discretion and subject to the Employer’s approval, Sales Representatives shall not be required to be physically present at the Employer’s office on Mondays and Wednesdays.”

19. SUPPLEMENT #4, JOB BIDDING, add new Section (b) as below:

“PRODUCTION JOB BIDDING

Beginning November 1, 2024, all production positions will be assigned by bid. Thereafter, bids will be posted twice annually for 2 weeks beginning with the second week of September and second week of March of each year with the subsequent assignments beginning on the first week of October and April, respectively. Bids will be for a position and shift. Bids will be awarded based on seniority and, then, by qualification.”

20. SUPPLEMENT #5, DRUG/ALCOHOL POLICY, replace in its entirety with the below:

“The manufacture, use, sale, purchase, transfer or possession of any alcoholic beverage, marijuana product, or illegal drugs during working hours, including breaks or lunch time whether on or away from Company property, at any time during the course of a working day, is cause for immediate discharge.

Any employee who is convicted of the manufacture, distribution or sale of a controlled substance while off duty, may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including immediate discharge.

Employees must report any conviction for a drug violation occurring in the workplace to the Company within five (5) days of the conviction and the failure to do so may result in disciplinary action up to and including immediate discharge.

Reporting to work or being on duty while under the influence of alcohol, marijuana (including ingestibles), illegal drugs, or excessive amounts of prescribed drugs will also subject an employee to immediate discharge. An employee shall be deemed under the influence of illegal drugs, if he tests positive for the same and the use or possession of the drugs is unlawful. An employee shall be deemed under the influence of excessive amounts of prescribed drugs, if he tests positive for the said drugs, but doesn’t have a then valid and current prescription for the same, issued by a duly licensed physician.

Employer may require that an employee undergo a medical examination and/or be tested for the presence of drugs or alcohol under the following circumstances: (1) When the Employer reasonably suspects that the employee is impaired or under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Provided that prior to an employee being required to submit to an examination or testing the Employer will, if feasible under the circumstances, afford a Steward the opportunity to observe the employee. (2) When the employee is participating in a treatment program of which regular testing is a part.

In the case of drivers, testing will be required in accordance with any Department of Transportation legislation or other legislative requirement.

An employee is obligated to cooperate in any such medical examination or test including the execution of any forms required by any medical facility or laboratory which is involved, and the execution of an appropriate consent form and authorization for the examination and test results to be released to the Employer. If the employee fails in any way to fulfill such obligation or otherwise to cooperate in any medical examination or test hereunder he/she shall be subject to immediate discharge for such failure.

The Employer may conduct unannounced searches for illegal drugs, marijuana products, or alcohol on Employer’s property. Such searches are to be confined to Company property (including employee lockers) but under no circumstances may the search include the employee’s body or uniform being worn or the employee’s personal motor vehicle. Failure of the employee to cooperate in any search permitted hereunder shall subject him/her to immediate discharge.

Any employee tested hereunder shall be given the opportunity to have the blood or urine sample tested by an independent certified laboratory (using the Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry test and the same cut off levels as the first laboratory). If the test by the independent laboratory is positive, the cost for it will be paid by the employee. If the result is negative, the cost will be paid by the Employer.

This policy will be strictly enforced. If any employee is having an alcohol or drug-related problem and desires professional help, please contact your supervisor, Human Resources or Teamsters Local 830; we will do all we can to help you.

Any employee testing positive as a result of a government regulation or legislation shall be given the opportunity to submit to a certified rehabilitation program in lieu of discipline, unless it is determined that such employee performed work while under the influence of drugs or alcohol. This, however, shall only apply to the first failure of such a test.

Employer may require that an employee undergo a medical examination and/or be tested for the presence of drugs or alcohol in the event the employee is involved in a work-related accident, sustains a work-related injury and/or injures another person. The term “work-related accident” shall include accidents involving vehicles, forklifts and other industrial equipment. The term “work-related accident” shall not include minor accidents such as accidentally running over a cone, accidentally knocking a case of product off a pallet, or an accident resulting in nominal loss of value to the Employer.”

21. LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING, BDCI STAFFING, Section (3), replace in its entirety with the below:

“Warehouse pick standards shall be as follows:

The Standard shall be 120 cases per hour, except that: Only Employees picking four (4) or more hours in a day and twenty (20) or more hours in a week shall be considered ‘in the pick’.

Results will be posted daily, however, weekly (Monday through Friday) average pick per hour will trigger performance management.

Weekly Performance Management 6-step progressive discipline process (if below standard):

1st occurrence: Counsel
2nd occurrence: Verbal
3rd occurrence: Counsel
4th occurrence: Written
5th occurrence: Administrative Suspension
6th occurrence: Termination

If an associate has completed six (6) consecutive calendar weeks without a step of discipline, then the most recent step of discipline will be removed. Each disciplinary step will be removed (12) twelve months from the date it is issued.

A committee will be formed, which will meet monthly, to discuss issues having to do with warehouse pick standards. Senior Management and the Union Business agents or their designees will participate in these meetings. Such meetings will be held at the request of the Union on no less than two (2) weeks’ notice.”

22. ABSENCE AND LATENESS POLICY, replace in its entirety with the below:
“BDCI and PNBB ATTENDANCE POLICY

Pepsi Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd.
Beverage Distribution Center Inc. Absence and Lateness Policy

Discipline Phases

Phase I
After 3rd Absence    Documented Verbal Warning
After 5th Absence    Written Warning and Counseling with a copy to Union

Phase II
After 7th Absence    One-week administrative suspension and a written warning to the Employee with a copy to the Union and counseling of Employee that two (2) more absences within a rolling twelve (12) month period will result in termination.

After 9th Absence    Discharge

* NOTE: This is a no fault absenteeism policy meaning there is no distinction between an excused or unexcused absence.

Rules
1. Absence shall be determined on the basis of a rolling twelve-(12) month period. An Absence will no longer be considered twelve-(12) months after it occurs.
2. An Employee medical absence of two (2) or more consecutive days will require a doctor’s note on return to work to be considered as one Absence occurrence. Non-medical Absences of two or more consecutive days will be charged at the rate of one Absence per day absent. **Paid time off required and/or protected by local, state, or Federal law shall not count as an Absence occurrence for purposes of this Policy.**

3. Days an Employee does not work due to prearranged vacation or personal days, Funeral leave, jury duty, work related injury or approved leave of absence (including Family Medical Leave Act) will not be considered as days absent under this Policy. Vacation or personal days an Employee calls off will not exempt any such day from being considered a day of Absence under this Policy.

4. Each lateness will constitute one third (1/3) of an Absence. The first four latenesses of five (5) minutes or less will not be included as a lateness for this Policy.
5. Lateness is defined as the Employee arriving at his/her workstation or reporting area within one (1) hour after his/her scheduled starting time. After such one (1) hour period, the Employee will be considered absent, unless there is work available for him/her when he/she does report to work and the Employer, in its sole and unreviewable discretion, permits him/her to do it. In such case, the Employee will be charged with a lateness.

6. An Employee who leaves work prior to the end of his/her shift (including mandatory overtime) provided that they have worked at least two hours will be charged with ½ of an absence. Any employee leaving within two hours of their starting time shall be charged with one absence.

Once an Employee has incurred 3 leave early occurrences during a rolling 12-month period, all subsequent leave early incidents (including mandatory overtime) will be charged at one full absence, not ½ of an absence.

7. The 12-month rolling period specified in this policy will be extended by the total length of any layoff or leave of absence including time lost as a result of worker’s compensation, disability injury or illness or FMLA leave which exceeds 7 calendar days.

8. For every 90 days of perfect attendance 1 full occurrence (the most recent occurrence on record) will be taken off the record. The definition of perfect attendance is no time lost for any reason other than company paid time off and FMLA Leave for 90 calendar days.

9. Absence or lateness resulting from an emergency (such as weather conditions) prohibiting vehicular travel, shall not be deemed to result in an occurrence hereunder.

NOTIFICATION OF ABSENCE

Employees are required to notify their Supervisor or leave a message on the voice mail system (number designated by Department) at least one (1) hour before their scheduled starting time if they will not be at work on a particular day. Failure to comply with this rule will result in discipline up to and including discharge for recurring violations. The Company shall allow the 4AM and 6AM warehouse shifts to “call off” 30 minutes in advance of their scheduled shift. All other shifts will require the contractual one hour “call off” requirement.

If an Employee fails to notify his/her Supervisor or leave a voice mail message regarding his/her Absence within four (4) hours after his/her scheduled starting time, he/she will be considered a no- call/no-show. Two (2) no-call/no-show violations within a twelve-(12) month period will result in discharge. After the first such violation, the Employee will receive a written warning with a copy to the Union.”

PATTERN OF ABSENCE OR CHRONIC ABSENCE

Apart from the foregoing standards, an Employee who exhibits a pattern of Absences will be subject to the following action:

1. Upon the Employer noticing a pattern of Absence, the Employee will counseled be given a written warning.

2. If no marked improvement occurs, the Employee will be given a written warning.

3. If no marked improvement occurs after the written warning, the Employee will be subject to suspension.

4. If no marked improvement occurs after a suspension, the Employee will be subject to discharge.

A pattern of Absence will include, but not be limited to, Absences recurring at a particular time (e.g., immediately before or after a weekend or other prescheduled time off), and (2) an Employee repeatedly entering Phase II although not incurring sufficient Absences to be discharged.

This AMENDMENT has been agreed to by and between the COMPANY and the UNION on this 25th day of July, 2024.

23. [NEW] LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING: VENDING PRODUCTIVITY

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all Vending Mechanics and Cooler Delivery employees covered by this Agreement shall be required to meet minimum standard repairs & cooler install times established by the Employer. The Employer shall meet with the Union on an advisory basis to discuss the minimum standard repair & cooler install times that the Employer establishes in advance of implementing the minimum standard times.

Once established, in the event that a Vending Mechanic fails to meet minimum standards, discipline shall be levied as follows:

First occurrence: Counseling
Second occurrence: Verbal Warning
Third occurrence: Written Warning
Fourth occurrence: Final Written Warning
Fifth occurrence: Termination

Each of the above occurrences prior to termination may be removed from an employee’s record after ninety (90) calendar days with no further occurrence.

The discipline provided for in this section shall not go into effect until August 1, 2025.

Furthermore, it is understood between the Employer and the Union that a Lead Vending Mechanic may be required to complete indirect labor (e.g. non-repair work). Completion of indirect labor shall not be held against a Vending Mechanic Lead Person in the calculation of a minimum standard times.

This MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT has been agreed to by and between the COMPANY and the UNION on this 24th day of July, 2024.

INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS, LOCAL 830

BY: Daniel Grace  
Secretary Designer, BY Local 830  

BY: Jack O’Rourke, VP  

BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, INC. & PEPSI NATION AL BRAND BEVERAGES

BY: Anne Davis, Esa  
VP/Labor and Corporate Counsel

BY: Michael Lorenca  
Labor Relations Consultant  
[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]

Frank Ryder, BA  
Peter Cohan, Warehouse  
Greg Clark, Warehouse  
Bryan Hartsock, Warehouse  
Ron Armstrong, Production  
Dionnri Colon, Production  

Joe Rosario, Production  
Jeff Warehouseki, Delivery  
Brett Shelley, Sales  
Harold Lingo, Merchandising  
Greg Staino, Fleet  
Ed Gallagher, Fleet  
Anthony Slocum, Warehouse  
Gregory Thomas, Production  

Tom Reed, CHRO  
Lindsay Traun, Regional HR Director  
Pattonford Edge, Senior Dir / Manufacturing  
Jeff Jones, Sales Director  
Bill Adlis, VP/Fleet Operations  

AGREEMENT

BETWEEN

PEPSI COLA & NATIONAL BRAND

BEVERAGES,LTD.and

BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTION CENTER,INC.

(PENNSAUKEN,NEW JERSEY)

AND

TEAMSTERS LOCAL UNION NO.830

Effective:

August 1,2019

Termination:July 31,2024

INDEX

ARTICLE I
DECLARATION OF PURPOSE...... 5

ARTICLE II
UNION RECOGNITION: SCOPE OF AGREEMENT...... 5

ARTICLE III
UNION SHOP: HIRING OF NEW EMPLOYEES...... 5

ARTICLE IV
HOURS OF WORK...... 6

ARTICLE V
HOLIDAYS...... 11

ARTICLE VI
VACATIONS...... 13

ARTICLE VII
LUNCH PERIOD...... 15

ARTICLE VIII
WAGES...... 15

ARTICLE IX
WAGES OF UNCLASSIFIED EMPLOYEES; TRANSFERS...... 16

ARTICLE X
DISCHARGES...... 16

ARTICLE XI
INJURIES AND ILLNESS...... 18

ARTICLE XII
POLYGRAPH TEST...... 18

ARTICLE XIII
UNIFORMS AND EQUIPMENT...... 19

ARTICLE XIV
EXTRA DUTIES – LIMITATIONS...... 19

ARTICLE XV
SENIORITY...... 20

ARTICLE XVI
DISCRIMINATION AND UNION ACTIVITY...... 22

ARTICLE XVII
CHECK-OFF OF UNION DUES, ETC...... 22

ARTICLE XVIII  
CURTAILMENT OR CHANGE IN OPERATIONS……… 23  

ARTICLE XIX  
GRIEVANCE – ARBITRATION………... 23  

ARTICLE XX  
STRIKES AND LOCKOUTS………... 24  

ARTICLE XXI  
PICKET LINES………... 24  

ARTICLE XXII  
WELFARE, SCHOLARSHIP AND PENSION FUNDS………... 24  
“GRANDFATHER” PROVISION………... 27  
“30 & OUT” PROVISION………... 27  

ARTICLE XXIII  
ROUTE SPLITTING………... 30  

ARTICLE XXIV  
ROUTE BIDDING………... 31  

ARTICLE XXV  
DROP SHIPMENTS………... 32  

ARTICLE XXVI  
FUNERAL LEAVE………... 33  

ARTICLE XXVII  
JURY DUTY………... 33  

ARTICLE XXVIII  
STEWARDS………... 33  

ARTICLE XXIX  
RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN………... 34  

ARTICLE XXX  
LEGAL SERVICE FUND………... 34  

ARTICLE XXXI  
LEAVE OF ABSENCE………... 35  

ARTICLE XXXII  
MISCELLANEOUS………... 35  

ARTICLE XXXIII  
TRANSFER OF EMPLOYER TITLE OR INTEREST………... 37  

ARTICLE XXXIV  
TERMINATION…………………………………………………………… 37  

SCHEDULE ”A”………………………………………………………………………………… 39  

SUPPLEMENT # 1 – Sales Meetings…………………………………………………………… 46  

SUPPLEMENT # 2 – Hybrid Delivery System…………………………………………………………… 46  

SUPPLEMENT # 3 – Bulk Delivery…………………………………………………………… 48  

SUPPLEMENT # 4 – Job Bidding…………………………………………………………… 50  

SUPPLEMENT # 5 – Drug/Alcohol Policy…………………………………………………………… 53  

SUPPLEMENT # 6 – Presell Distribution…………………………………………………………… 54  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – BDCI Staffing…………………………………………………………… 56  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Production Staffing…………………………………………………………… 57  

ABSENCE & LATENESS POLICY…………………………………………………………… 60  

PERSONAL DAY POLICY – EXHIBIT A…………………………………………………………… 62  

ENGINEERED LABOR STANDARDS – EXHIBIT B…………………………………………………………… 65  

SIDE LETTER – ARTCILE IV PARAGRAPH P…………………………………………………………… 66  

MEMORANDUM / LETTERS OF UNDERSTANDING – Transport Drivers…………………………………………………………… 67  

MEMORANDUM / LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Office Porter…………………………………………………………… 68  

MEMORANDUM / LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – 3rd Shift Production…………………………………………………………… 69  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Training Matrix Production …………………… 70  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Vending Duty Coverage …………………… 71  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Commercial Driving License Training…………………………………………………………… 72  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Production Dept. Independent Contractor … 73  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Dollar General Merchandising…………………………………………………………… 74  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Family Dollar General Merchandising…………………………………………………………… 75  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Building Maintenance Electro Mechanics … 76  

LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING – Production Mechanics…………………………………………………………… 77  

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, made as of this August 1, 2019, by and between TEAMSTERS
LOCAL UNION NO. 830, affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America (hereinafter referred to as the “Union”), and
PEPSI COLA & NATIONAL BRAND BEVERAGES, LTD. (“PNBB”) and BEVERAGE
DISTRIBUTION CENTER, INC. (“BDCI”) (PENNSAUKEN, NEW JERSEY) (hereinafter
referred to jointly and individually as the Employer”).

WITNESSETH:

ARTICLE I
DECLARATION OF PURPOSE

The purpose of this Agreement is to insure industrial peace. The parties hereto recognize
that without mutual understanding, harmony and cooperation among employees, between
employees and Employer, and between Union and Employer, and without uninterrupted operation,
it is impossible to conduct Employer’s business with the economy and efficiency indispensable to
its existence and to the best interest of its employees.

ARTICLE II
UNION RECOGNITION: SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

(a) The Employer recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all
employees, at its plant or plants and warehouses located in Pennsauken or vicinity, in the
classifications covered in Schedule “A” attached hereto.

(b) This Agreement shall not be construed to extend to nor affect in any way executive or
supervisory help or any other classification of employee not expressly covered in Schedule
“A”. The terms “employee” or “employees” as used in this Agreement will be construed to
include only the classifications of employees covered in Schedule “A” and shall not be
construed to include any employees expressly excepted under this Article.

ARTICLE III
UNION SHOP: HIRING OF NEW EMPLOYEES

(a) Except as herein expressly otherwise provided, Employer agrees, as to all classifications of
employees specifically covered by this Agreement, to employ none but members in good
standing of Union. Union agrees to admit to membership all present employees of
Employer specifically covered by this Agreement.

(b) Employer shall have the right to secure new employees from any source. However,
Employer will call Union to give it first opportunity to provide such employees. Employer
reserves the right to reject any person referred by Union. New employees shall become
members of Union after thirty (30) calendar days of employment or the effective date of
this Agreement, whichever is later. If employment is continued after such thirty (30) day
period, Union agrees to accept such employees as members.

(c) Anything in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the first ten (10) weeks of
employment shall be considered a trial period, and during such trial period Employer shall
have the unqualified right to dismiss such new employees, the exercise of such right not
being subject to arbitration. The trial period may be extended by two (2) weeks by mutual
agreement of the Union and the Employer. The Union shall not unreasonably withhold its
consent.

(d) Any employee who is expelled or suspended from the Union because of nonpayment of
dues shall be subject to dismissal seven (7) days after notification in writing to the
Employer by the Business Agent, the President, or the Secretary Treasurer of the Union,
provided, however, where such suspension or expulsion is for nonpayment of dues and
payment of such arrearages is made within such seven (7) day period, Employer shall not
be required to dismiss such employee. When an employee has been dismissed by Employer
due to his suspension or expulsion by the Union, the Employer shall not be required to reemploy or reinstate such employee at any time.

(e) Where any discharge required by this Article would result in working a hardship upon the
Employer, the Employer shall be permitted a reasonable length of time to secure a new
employee before making such discharge.

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all fleet mechanics hired after
August 1, 2019 shall be required to attain ASE Brake Certification for trucks within the first
12 months of employment. A Fleet Mechanic hired after August 1, 2019 who fails to attain
ASE Brake Certification for trucks within the first 12 months of his employment shall be
disqualified from the Fleet Mechanic position and shall be subject to termination by the
Employer.

**ARTICLE IV**

**HOURS OF WORK**

(a) The regular work week for all employees shall consist of five (5) days, Monday to Friday.
The regular workday for hourly-rated employees shall consist of eight (8) hours.

(b) Any hourly-rated employee who reports to work at his scheduled reporting time shall be
guaranteed eight (8) hours of work, or in lieu thereof, shall be paid at his regular rate of pay
for eight (8) hours, unless such employee has been notified by Employer, within three (3)
hours prior to the starting time of his scheduled shift, not to report for work on his next
shift. Provided, however, in the event of weather related or emergency conditions,
Employer may notify an employee up to two (2) hours before the time scheduled for the
start of his shift immediately subsequent to such declaration not to report for work.

(c) The Company shall allow production employees (including BDCI palletizer forklift) on the
3[rd] shift to work 8 hours prior to the start of the work week and/or 8 hours after their work
week, provided they sign the “Agree to Work Overtime” list.

(d) Any driver paid a commission who reports to work at his scheduled reporting time and is
not permitted to take out his route for any reason shall receive his base pay for the day,
unless such employee has been notified by Employer, prior to midnight of the night before,
not to report for work on his next shift. Provided, however, in the event of weather related
or emergency conditions, Employer may notify an employee up to two (2) hours before the
time scheduled for the start of his shift immediately subsequent to such declaration not to
report for work. On cold days, Employer will notify drivers by ten-thirty A.M. (10:30)
whether they are going out.

(e) For purposes of notification as required in Paragraphs (b), (d) and (i) of this Article, an
employee shall be required to provide a telephone number at which he can be contacted for
such notification. A member of the bargaining unit shall be present while telephone
notification is attempted, and one (1) attempt to reach the employee at such number will be
considered proper notification. Employer will not be held responsible for a message not
communicated to the employee by third parties who answer the telephone at the number
given by the employee. If the employee fails to provide a telephone number, the Employer
shall have no responsibility for notification as required under this Article.

(f) Hourly-rated employees may be required by Employer to work on Saturday and Sunday
and to work longer than eight (8) hours in any day, provided, however, that no such
employee shall be required to work more than four (4) hours of overtime on any one (1)
shift. Overtime pay for any hourly-rated employee shall be time and one-half times his
regular straight-time hourly rate for work done over eight (8) hours in any workday or over
forty (40) hours in any workweek, or on Saturday. Overtime pay for any hourly-rated
employee who works on Sunday shall be double his regular straight-time hourly rate for all
hours worked on Sunday. If the Employer requires an hourly-rated employee to work
overtime hours after his regularly scheduled shift and such overtime hours run into a
holiday, the employee shall receive overtime pay at double his regular straight-time hourly
rate for all overtime hours worked on the holiday. Hours worked on Saturday or Sunday
that are part of an employee’s straight time eight hours for the day and part of his forty
hours for the week are paid at straight time. This includes an employee whose Monday
begins Sunday evening or an employee whose Friday ends Saturday morning. This
provision reflects the current practice with respect to Friday night and Sunday night starts
and starts on or before a holiday. Hours started before such times shall be paid at the
applicable premium rates.

(g) Employees other than hourly-rated employees may be required by Employer to work on
Saturday and Sunday. Overtime pay for commissioned drivers who work on Saturday shall
be computed on the basis of one and one-half the employee’s base pay and one and onehalf commissions. Overtime pay for drivers paid on a trip-rate basis who work on Saturday
shall be computed on the basis of time and one-half the applicable trip rate. Overtime pay
for commissioned drivers who work on Sunday shall be computed on the basis of double
the employee’s base pay and double commissions. Overtime pay for drivers paid on a triprate basis who work on Sunday shall be computed on the basis of double the applicable trip
rate.

(h) An employee who is called in to perform work prior to but continuing up to his regular
scheduled shift shall not have his regular scheduled shift suspended to avoid the payment
of overtime.

(i) The Employer must give employees twenty-four (24) hours’ notice of required overtime
work scheduled for Saturday or Sunday in accordance with paragraph (d). There shall be an
exception to this twenty-four (24) hour notice requirement with respect to Night Loaders
(includes pickers) which may be exercised by the Employer five (5) times a year, on those
occasions, the Employer may give twelve (12) hours’ notice of a Saturday shift if less than
the expected crew reports for work on the Friday shift and the need for Saturday work
arises during the course of that shift; such work will be offered in order of seniority,
provided that, if there are insufficient volunteers, employees will be assigned in reverse
order of seniority; and employees can go home on such occasions when their work is
completed, but will be paid for at least eight (8) hours.

(j) There shall be no pyramiding of overtime pay. For example, overtime paid on a daily basis
shall not be duplicated on a weekly basis nor shall overtime for Saturday, Sunday and
holiday work be duplicated on the basis of daily or weekly overtime hours. If the overtime
pay requirements are met under more than one section of this Agreement, only that section
yielding the higher payment will apply.

(k) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article IV, the following number of current
employees may, as needed, be scheduled on a seniority and qualification basis to work on
the below listed flexible work weeks at straight-time. In such event, the employees
involved shall not be entitled to the premium pay set forth in paragraph (e) for Saturday or
Sunday, but shall be paid at the premium rate specified below:

| Classification    | Number | Workweek | 1.1/2 x Day(s) | 2x Day |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Cooler Mechanic    | 1    | Any 5 consecutive    | 6th Day    | 7th Day    |
| Route Truck/ Bulk Truck Loaders    | 6    | Tues. – Sat. or any 4-10 hr. days with 2 consecutive days off | Monday    | Sunday    |
| Food Service Delivery    | 1    | Tues. – Sat. or any 4-10 hr. days with 2 consecutive days off | Monday    | Sunday    |
| Delivery Drivers    | 4    | Tues. – Sat. or any 4-10 hr. days with 2 consecutive days off | Monday    | Sunday    |
| Transport Drivers    | 4    | Tues. – Sat. or any 4-10 hr. days with 2 consecutive days off | Monday    | Sunday    |
| Truck Mechanics    | 2    | Tues. – Sat. or any 4-10 hr. days with 2 consecutive days off | Monday    | Sunday    |

In addition to the above-listed employees, any employee hired after August 1, 2007 may, at
the Company’s option, be assigned to a flexible workweek of any five consecutive eighthour days or four consecutive ten-hour days at straight time.

Flex Work Week (Warehouse)

(a) In addition to the existing 14 warehouse employees for whom the Employer has the
right to assign to a non-consecutive day flex work week, an additional non-consecutive
day flex work week schedule shall be implemented as follows:
Year 4 (8/1/2022 – 7/31/2023) 1 additional non-consecutive flex work week employee.
Year 5 (8/1/2023 – 7/31/2024) 1 additional non-consecutive flex work week employee.

The Employer shall have the right to assign any warehouse employee hired after
August 1, 2019 to a flexible work week consisting of 4-10hr. non-consecutive days or
5-8hr. non-consecutive days.

(b) Positions eligible to be placed on a non-consecutive flex work week include Loaders,
Pickers, Wrappers, Dock (incl. shells/pallets stripper) and Facility Clean Up.

(c) A non-consecutive flex work week premium of $.45/hour will be paid for all hours
worked in a non-consecutive flex work week.

(d) Should business conditions change requiring additional flex work week personnel, the
parties shall meet to discuss and resolve this matter.

(e) On a 4-10 hour flex work week, daily overtime (1 ½ x) shall be paid after 10 hours
per day and on the fifth and sixth days; on a 5-8 hour flex work week, daily overtime
(1 ½x) shall be paid after 8 hours per day and on the sixth day and shall be paid at
double time for the seventh day (applies to both 4-10’s and 5-8’s).

Employees shall receive a $.35 premium for all hours worked on the flexible
workweek. Employees entitled to a shift premium will also receive this in addition to the
normal premium.

Merchandisers shall receive a $.35 premium for all hours worked on (i) any five (5)
day, eight (8) hours per day shift, other than a Monday through Friday shift, or (ii) any four
(4) day, ten (10) hours shift. Time and one half (1 ½x) shall be paid for work on the sixth
(6[th]) day of the five day schedule, and the fifth (5[th]) and sixth (6[th]) days of the four day
schedule. Double time (2x) shall be paid for the seventh (7[th]) day of the five (5) day
schedule, and the seventh day of the four (4) day schedule.

A merchandiser shall be paid at triple (3x) his straight time hourly rate for all hours
worked on a holiday.

For overnight installs within the Vending Department, such installs may occur on a
non-consecutive Monday through Friday schedule. The schedule shall be based upon a
non-consecutive 4 day per week/10 hour per day and shall be voluntary and offered by the
Employer in seniority order. If no employee voluntarily accepts such an assignment, the
Employer shall mandate the least senior qualified employee for such assignment. In order
for an employee assigned to an overnight install to receive overtime pay of 11/2 times the
regular rate, the employee must first complete his regular ten hour daily schedule. An
employee who completes the scheduled overnight shall receive the next day off without
pay. An employee shall receive overtime pay at a rate of time and a half for hours worked
in excess of forty (40) hours.

(l) Overtime which is an extension of a scheduled shift in production shall be assigned to the
crew performing the work at the end of the shift, provided the anticipated overtime will be
two (2) hours or less. In the event an employee’s position is eliminated or replaced when
any line crew is held for a 2 hour or less line extension, the employee who held that
eliminated or replaced position will be permitted to displace the least senior non bid holder
on that line only, provided that he is qualified to do the work. If he is not qualified, he will
not be eligible for the overtime. For all other overtime, including Saturday and Sunday
work, the Employer will post a list for each day; employees who wish to be considered for
overtime (or call-in) that day will so indicate on the list. Employees on that day’s list will
be offered overtime opportunities based upon their seniority and qualification for the work
to be performed. If insufficient qualified employees sign the list, the Employer may assign
qualified employees to the overtime in reverse order of their seniority.

(m) When the Employer is running a continuous three-shift operation, some or all of the
employees in the Production and/or Warehouse Departments (not including Route or Bulk
Truck Loading) shall be assigned to an eight-hour shift which shall include a twenty minute
paid relief period in the first part of the shift and a twenty minute paid relief period in the
second part of the shift. Employees will be given 24 hours notice prior to a change from or
to a three-shift operation. Each shift’s first relief period will be taken between one and one
half (1 ½) hours after the start of the shift and end of the shift’s third hour.

(n) In the event employees are to work beyond their scheduled shift, they will be entitled to a
paid ten (10) minute break at the end of their scheduled hours if it is anticipated that they
will be working at least one (1) hour of overtime.

(o) Any employee, when requested by the Employer, may, if he so desires, work more than
twelve consecutive hours under the following circumstances:

-  Vending Mechanic who is on call.

-  BDCI loading employee working from Friday evening to Saturday morning,
may be asked to stay further into Saturday morning to finish loading.

-  A production employee (including BDCI forklift position) scheduled to work
first shift on Monday may work the Sunday evening third shift if he was signed
the “I agree to work overtime list”, and then work his normally scheduled first
shift.

-  A production employee (including BDCI forklift position) working first shift
Friday may work the Friday second shift if he has signed the “I agree to work
overtime list.”

-  A production employee (including BDCI forklift position) working second shift
Friday, may work the Friday third shift if he has signed the “I agree to work
overtime list.”

Any employee considering working more than 12 consecutive production hours
must ensure that his regular shift times are not compromised in pursuit of the
overtime. In all other circumstances, an employee must have at least six (6) hours
off between the end of one shift (including overtime) and the beginning of an
overtime shift.

(p) Laboratory employees shall have seniority rights in the production department for the
purpose of working on premium time, but shall first exhaust all laboratory bids before
becoming eligible to work outside their bid. Laboratory employees shall remain on the
production list for purposes of layoff and recall.

Vending Mechanics shall no longer have seniority rights over vending delivery employees
for Saturday delivery work.

(q) In the event an employee in the Warehouse department is required by the employer to work
overtime on any given day, he shall be guaranteed one (1) hour of such overtime for that
day. Warehouse employees, whose starting times commence at 1:00 PM or later, will be
given one hour’s notice for mandated overtime and shall give any warehouse employee
with a start time of 9:30 a.m. or earlier a 30 minute notice for mandated overtime, unless
circumstances beyond the Employer’s control preclude the Employer from doing so.

(r) There shall be no mandating of early starting times for the purpose of creating overtime.

(s) The Employer may hire four part-time merchandisers year round who may work a
maximum of 25 hours per week. Part time merchandisers will be part of the bargaining
unit.

The Employer will not have the right to use these part-time merchandisers if any full time
merchandiser or bulk account rep is on layoff. Work week schedules for part-timers will be
posted with the work week schedule for full-timers. After workweek schedules are posted
for the next week, all available merchandising work shall be offered on a voluntary basis to
regular employees prior to offering such overtime to a part-time merchandiser. Part-time
merchandisers shall receive 75% of the full merchandiser rate of pay.

(t) No employee shall be required to work overtime the weekend prior to and/or following a
scheduled vacation.

**ARTICLE V**
**HOLIDAYS**

(a) The following holidays are observed under this Article: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther
King’s Birthday, President’s Day, Easter Monday, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor
Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day.

When any of these holidays fall on a Sunday and the next day is observed as the holiday,
the same shall be considered the holiday. Only employees who work at least eight (8) hours
on both their scheduled workday before and their scheduled workday after the above
holidays shall be entitled to the benefits of this Article. Any employee who reports no more
than thirty (30) minutes late on said days shall be permitted to work said eight (8) hours.
For the above purposes, Saturday shall not be considered a scheduled workday, except if
the Saturday is part of the employee’s flex workweek schedule. Thus, if the holiday falls on
a Friday the employee must work on Thursday and Monday to qualify for holiday pay; if
the holiday falls on Saturday the employee must work Friday and Monday to qualify for
holiday pay. Similarly, if the holiday falls on Monday the employee must work on Friday
and Tuesday to qualify for holiday pay. Any employee, who leaves work before he is
authorized by management (including mandated overtime) on the day before the holiday,
shall receive one full occurrence under the Absentee and Lateness Policy (regardless of the
prior number of “leave early” occurrences then on the employee’s attendance record).

Columbus Day shall become a working holiday to be paid for in accordance with the
provisions of this Article. Each employee who qualifies for the same in accordance with
the provisions of this Article shall receive one (1) additional days pay. Notwithstanding
subparagraph (c), there shall be no premium pay for working on the said Columbus Day
holiday.

(b) Each employee who does not work on a named holiday shall nevertheless be compensated
as follows:

1. Any hourly-rated employee shall receive eight (8) hours of straight-time pay at
his regular hourly rate. This includes extra drivers; during their first fifty-two (52)
weeks of employment and thereafter also if their average daily earnings do not exceed
eight (8) times the utility rate.

2. Any driver whose regular rate of pay includes a commission shall receive one-
fifth (1/5[th]) of his average weekly earnings for the preceding year, ascertained by
dividing his total earnings for the year by the number of weeks he has worked during
the year.

(c) Each employee who works on a named holiday or in lieu thereof, on the day the named
holiday is observed as set forth in (a) above, shall be compensated as follows; provided,
however, no employee shall receive holiday pay for working on both the named holiday
and the day on which said holiday is observed:

1. Any hourly-rated employee shall be guaranteed at least eight (8) hours of work
and shall be paid at triple his regular straight-time hourly rate for all hours worked on
such holiday.

2. Any driver or helper whose regular rate of pay includes a commission shall be
paid at triple his regular base pay, plus triple commissions or triple his daily
guarantee, whichever is greater.

3. When any of the holidays set forth in paragraph (a) of this Article falls on
Saturday, employees who do not work shall receive the compensation set forth in
paragraph (b) of this Article. Employees who work will be compensated on the basis
of paragraph (c) of this Article.

(d) In accordance with the New Jersey's Earned Sick Leave Law, each employee will be
entitled to a maximum of six (6) personal paid holidays in each calendar year earned as set
forth below. Personal holidays must be mutually agreed to by the employee and the
Employer, so as not to interfere with the operation of any department. The “Personal Day”
policy of the Company shall be as set forth on Exhibit A Personal days shall be made
available to Sales Department personnel on a one personal per day basis.

An employee hired after August 1, 1974, shall earn personal holidays in any calendar year
on a pro-rated basis of one (1) personal holiday after two (2) calendar months of work; two
(2) after four (4) months; three (3) after six (6) months; four (4) after eight (8) months; five
(5) after ten (10) months; and six (6) after eleven (11) months. An employee hired after
August 1, 1992 shall earn one (1) personal day after each three (3) months of work during
his first year of employment up to a maximum of three (3) personal days.

Employees having ten (10) or more years of service as of January 1 shall have available all
of their personal days for the year as of that date. In the event their employment terminates
prior to their having accrued under the foregoing schedule any personal day they have
already taken, the Employer is hereby authorized to deduct the amount so paid to or on
behalf of the employee from any pay or other monies due the employee.

An employee will not be considered to have worked any calendar month unless he has
worked at least fifty percent (50%) of the scheduled workdays in the calendar month;
provided, however, that absences due to legitimate illness, of not less than three (3) nor
more than ten (10) consecutive scheduled workdays’ duration, shall not be charged against
an employee for the purpose of this section. This paragraph shall not apply for any absence
due to job-related illness or injury for a period of twelve (12) months from the
commencement of such absence.

Any earned personal holidays not taken by an employee prior to December 15[th] of each
year shall be paid for by Employer during the week prior to Christmas.

Employees having one (1) or more years of service as of January 1 shall be entitled to use
up to four (4) personal days to receive compensation for days they call off because of
illness or emergency. Such days shall be counted as absences for all purposes
(including attendance records and policies); provided, however, that if the employee uses
one of these personals on the day before or after a holiday he will still be able to qualify for
holiday pay under Article V, Section (a) if, but only if, he furnishes a written doctor’s
certification of his inability to work that day. He will also be ineligible for personal day pay
without such doctor’s certification.

(e) When any of the holidays set forth in paragraph (a) of this Article fall in the vacation week
of an employee, such employee shall receive his holiday pay as provided in paragraph (b)
of this Article.

(f) Any employee placed on layoff in the workweek immediately prior to a holiday will be
entitled to holiday pay.

(g) This Article shall not apply to any employee who has not completed thirty (30) calendar
days of employment.

(h) Any hourly-rated employee on a four (4) ten-hour day work week must receive ten (10)
hours of straight-time pay at his regular hourly rate if the holiday falls within his normal
work week. If the holiday falls outside the employee’s normal workweek, he shall be
entitled to eight (8) hours’ pay at his hourly rate.

**ARTICLE VI**
**VACATIONS**

(a) Subject to paragraph (k) of this Article, every employee who has been continuously in the
employ of the Employer for the number of years outlined below shall be entitled to the
vacation weeks as outlined below, consisting of consecutive days, with pay, as scheduled
by Employer.

1 year    -    1 week
3 years    -    2 weeks
7 years    -    3 weeks
10 years    -    4 weeks
15 years    -    5 weeks
20 years    -    6 weeks

(b) The vacation pay for a driver whose regular rate of pay includes a commission for each week of vacation to which he is entitled shall be his average weekly earnings for the preceding year, ascertained by dividing his total earnings for the year by the number of weeks he has worked during the year.

(c) The vacation pay of any hourly-rated employee for each week of vacation to which he is entitled shall be forty (40) hours of straight-time pay at the rate being received by the particular employee at the time he is given his vacation. This also includes extra drivers, if their average earnings do not exceed the utility rate.

(d) Each regular full-time employee who has been continuously in the employ of Employer for ten (10) or more years shall, when he takes his first period of vacation in each year, shall receive in addition to his vacation pay a flat vacation bonus of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00).

(e) Employer must grant employees entitled to more than one (1) week’s vacation, the right to take one (1) week (or two (2) weeks if an employee is entitled to either three (3) or more weeks’ vacation), of their vacation period between May 1st and September 30th, if the employee desires to do so. Employer will not refrain from scheduling vacations in a holiday week.

(f) The length of the vacation to which an employee shall be entitled shall be computed on the basis of the anniversary date of such employee’s employment.

(g) Vacations scheduled by Employer shall be scheduled on the basis of departmental seniority. Once the vacation period has been selected and the vacation list posted, no changes will be permitted. Employer shall have the right to determine the number of employees who may take vacations within any period.

(h) Any employee with more than (1) year’s continuous employment who resigns and gives the one (1) week’s notice provided in Article X shall be entitled to vacation pay on a pro rata basis. Thus, such an employee will be entitled to one-twelfth (1/12th) of his normal vacation pay for each full month of employment since his last anniversary date.

(i) Vacation equivalents are:

One (1) week for each six (6) months if in the two (2) week category

One (1) week for each four (4) months if in the three (3) week category

One (1) week for each three (3) months if in the four (4) week category

One (1) week for each two and four-tenths (2.4) months if in the five (5) week category

One (1) week for each two (2) months if in the six (6) week category

(j) An employee hired after August 1, 1974, who is eligible for a vacation in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Article and who has worked in fifty percent (50%) of the payroll periods during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding such employee’s eligibility date, shall be entitled to receive full vacation pay. Any such employee who has not worked in fifty percent (50%) of the payroll weeks in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding such employee’s eligibility date, shall be entitled to receive pro rata vacation pay based upon the number of payroll weeks in which such employee worked, divided by fifty-two (52). This paragraph will not apply to any absence due to a job-related injury or illness for a period of twelve (12) months from the commencement of such absence.

(k) Subject to the Employer’s approval, any employee with more than three (3) weeks’ vacation may voluntarily sell back vacation time (in full week increments), but not below three (3) weeks’ eligibility. This sell back shall be approved or disapproved on a department-by-department basis. The Employer shall establish a process such that sell back requests will be handled once per calendar year, and payment will be made by February 1.

**ARTICLE VII**
**LUNCH PERIOD**

All employees covered by this Agreement shall be entitled to a lunch period of one (1) hour during each regular working day, but in any case in which Employer and its employees mutually agree, such lunch period may be reduced to one-half (1/2) hour.

**ARTICLE VIII**
**WAGES**

Notwithstanding the Company’s position that neither Federal, State nor local law requires the payment of overtime pay for hours worked in excess of 40 hours per week by Driver/Merchandisers, the Company agrees that overtime shall be paid the beginning of the week of April 10, 2006 based on the availability of accurate time clock data for the Driver group. The overtime calculation shall be as follows:

The “Base rate” of pay is calculated by adding all earnings for days worked (excluding bulk/flex premium dollars) and dividing these dollars by the total number of hours worked for the week, regardless of the type of delivery that was performed. The “premium rate” of pay is calculated by dividing the “base rate” of pay by two. The “premium rate” is then multiplied by the hours worked over 40 hours (excluding overtime hours worked for which the employee has already received premium pay). Total weekly compensation is derived by adding all base earnings plus bulk/flex overtime premium and conventional overtime premium earnings.

Each employee on the payroll as of August 3, 2019, and eligible to participate in the contract ratification vote shall receive a Two Thousand Dollar ($2,000.00) one (1) time lump sum bonus.

The wage rates of all employees covered by this Agreement shall be set forth in Schedule “A” –“WAGES”.

**ARTICLE IX**

**WAGES OF UNCLASSIFIED EMPLOYEES; TRANSFERS**

(a) In the case of any employee covered by this Agreement who does not fall within any of the express classifications as to which wage rates have been provided, he shall be paid at such weekly or hourly rate, or at such rate of commission, as may be mutually agreed upon between the Employer and the Union.

(b) The Employer reserves the right temporarily to transfer employees from one department to another. The contract wage scale of the department to which the temporary transfer is made, shall apply to the employee so transferred; provided, however, that in case of such temporary transfer, an employee’s wage shall not be reduced below that which he has ordinarily been receiving, and he shall receive the higher rate for the full day regardless of the number of hours worked in the higher-rated job classification. A temporary transfer of more than one (1) month may be renewed for an equal and additional period of time, after which time the vacancy filled by such temporary transfer must be filled in accordance with normal procedures or abolished.

(c) If an employee regularly does work in more than one of the hourly-rated job classifications set forth in Schedule “A”:

1. his regular rate shall be the higher rate if he regularly performs work for more than fifty percent (50%) of the time in any workweek in a higher-rated job classification.

2. his regular rate shall be the lower rate if he regularly performs work for more than fifty percent (50%) of the time in any work week in a lower-rated job classification, but on any day in which he performs work in the higher-rated job classification for one (1) or more hours, he shall receive the higher rate for the full day.

**ARTICLE X**

**DISCHARGES**

(a) The Employer has the sole and exclusive right to manage the affairs of the business, to determine the products, methods and schedules of production, distribution and/or delivery, the type of manufacturing equipment, the locations of production distribution and/or delivery, and to direct the working forces of the Employer. Such functions shall include (but are not limited to) the exclusive right to maintain discipline of employees, including the right to make reasonable rules and regulations, to promote, demote, or transfer employees for proper cause, to determine the amount of work needed, and to lay off because of lack of work.

(b) Promotion shall be made from within, provided the employees available, have the qualifications and ability to perform the work. When promotions are available employees with the greatest seniority shall be given first consideration, provided that the qualification and ability shall be the determining factor. The Employer shall be the sole judge of an employee’s qualifications and ability.

(c) Employer may discharge employees for any reasonable cause. If an employee who has completed his probationary period is discharged, unless discharged for disciplinary reasons, or permanently laid off, due to economic considerations of Employer, such as reduction in force or abandonment of route, Employer shall give such employee at least one (1) week’s notice of its intention to permanently lay him off, or one (1) week’s compensation in lieu thereof. In the event an employee desires to leave his employment for any reason whatsoever, such employee shall give the Employer at least one (1) week’s notice of his intention to do so.

Employer shall not be required to give this one (1) week’s notice or one (1) week’s pay to any seasonal employee or any employee who has been continuously employed less than ninety (90) days, or any hourly-rated driver (in the event the Employer institutes a bulk or hybrid delivery system).

(d) Any employee who has been discharged by Employer shall be entitled to a hearing provided that he requests the same within five (5) working days after discharge. At such hearing, which shall be held at the Employer’s place of business within five (5) working day after requested, the employee shall have the privilege of being represented by the Business Agent or other duly authorized representative of the Union. If the parties cannot agree upon final disposition of the matter, it may be submitted to arbitration by the Union as provided by Article XIX hereof.

(e) Employees who fail to pick up empties or who fail to make the stops specified by Employer shall be subject to discharge.

(f) Employer must make the decision whether a route shall go out or not in the case of bad weather. Under no circumstances shall it be left to the discretion of the employees to determine whether work should be performed or not, especially as far as bad weather days are concerned.

(g) Any employee who receives disciplinary time off shall receive such time off within one (1) week after the notice of such suspension is given to such employee, except in the case of the suspension of two (2) or more employees in the same department, in which event the disciplinary suspension may be staggered. Any suspension issued as a result of a violation of one of the Employer’s General Work Rules (only) shall be administrative in nature. The suspension shall not cause the employee to lose work time or pay; however the suspension shall remain on record as it relates to progressive discipline.

(h) In imposing discipline on a current charge, Employer will not take into account any prior infraction which occurred more than fifteen (15) months previously.

(i) No suspension will be imposed until notice is given to the Union and a meeting between a Union Business Agent and an Employer Representative takes place, provided that the Employer Representative is available for such a meeting within five (5) working days after such notice is given to the Union. This delay in the imposition of a suspension shall not be applicable where the offense involved may result in discharge or the circumstances are such that it is prudent to remove the employee from the workplace immediately.

**ARTICLE XI**

**INJURIES AND ILLNESS**

(a) When an employee is absent because of a non-work related illness or injury for a consecutive period of fifty-two (52) weeks or more, he will not be entitled to retain his position with the Employer. At the expiration of such fifty-two (52) week period the Employer may dismiss such employee, but if the employee returns to work prior to the expiration of such fifty-two (52) week period, and is physically able to carry on his duties, he will return to his employment at the same rate of pay.

Notwithstanding the above, an employee who has attained 30 years of service shall be entitled to an additional 26 weeks of unpaid leave after the employee is absent because of a non-work related illness or injury for a consecutive period of fifty-two (52) weeks.

(b) An employee who is absent because of a work-related injury or illness for a consecutive period of three (3) years will not be entitled to return to his position and the Employer may dismiss him at the expiration of such period. In addition, such employee’s employment will be deemed terminated upon his entering into any settlement of a worker’s compensation claim which is predicated on his continuing disability. Employees who are not working because of a work-related injury or illness as of August 1, 1995, shall not be subject to the foregoing three-year cut-off, but shall suffer a loss of employment if they thereafter enter into a worker’s compensation settlement agreement described above. Any employee who entered into such an agreement prior to August 1, 1995 shall not be affected by this provision.

(c) With respect to the return to work of any driver who is also a salesman, as distinguished from a driver who delivers predetermined orders, whose former route is being operated satisfactorily by another employee at the time such driver is prepared to return to work, the Employer may assign such returning driver to a new route, provided that he does not return to work within twenty-six (26) weeks from the date of the commencement of his absence.

(d) The results of a Functional Capacity Evaluation Test will only be used to determine an employee’s ability to return to work based on his/her recovery from the specific injury or illness causing the inability to work.

(e) The Employer may voluntarily provide compensation to the employee during any period of absence described above, but will not be required to do so.

(f) The Company shall allow the 4AM and 6AM warehouse shifts to “call off”” 30 minutes in advance of their scheduled shift. All other shifts will require the contractual one hour “call off” requirement.

(g) The Employer shall have the right to implement a “light duty” and/or “modified duty” program to accelerate an employee’s return from workplace injury.

**ARTICLE XII**

**POLYGRAPH TEST**

Employer will not require an employee to take a polygraph or lie detector test; however, nothing herein shall prevent an employee from voluntarily taking such a test.

**ARTICLE XIII**

**UNIFORMS AND EQUIPMENT**

Where Employer requires any employee in a department to wear a uniform, all employees in that department, except probationary employees, shall be supplied with uniforms. For the purpose of this Article, there shall be two (2) departments, (1) inside plant employees and (2) drivers and other outside employees. The Employer shall have the option to determine whether such uniforms shall be purchased outright or rented. The Employer shall purchase or pay the rental charge, as the case may be, for such uniforms and shall pay for cleaning and keeping them in good repair at all times. The Employer shall have the right to discipline any employee for not being presentable and to discharge such employee for repeated violations.

The Employer shall supply wagons, trucks, or other necessary equipment.

Except in the case of his own negligence, an employee shall not be responsible for damage to equipment in his charge and control, but shall be obliged to furnish witnesses or evidence to fix other responsibility.

Sales Representatives shall not be required to wear ties or jackets. The Employer shall annually supply each employee with one winter jacket, one summer jacket, five short sleeve “polo” shirts, and five long sleeve button down shirts.

**ARTICLE XIV**

**EXTRA DUTIES – LIMITATIONS**

(a) Drivers shall not be required to do any barn or garage work, such as repairing or washing equipment, but this shall not be construed to prohibit Employer from requiring any such driver to check and add oil, gasoline or water to the vehicles which they operate, or to check and add air to the tires thereon, or from offering work other than such as falls within their regular duties to drivers in order to afford them a full week’s work.

(b) There will be no pickups at Employer’s place of business, except in an emergency.

(c) The Employer will not require Sales Representatives or Delivery/Merchandisers to price stamp and push up merchandise from back room stock to shelves in the customer area in stores where the employees of which, who normally price stamp and stock shelves, are represented by a union which has a valid collective bargaining agreement in effect covering such employees. This shall not preclude Sales Representatives and Delivery/Merchandisers from voluntarily merchandising, to the extent possible and practicable, in such stores.

It is understood and agreed that in these stores, Sales Representatives and Delivery/Merchandisers will continue to use their best efforts to maximize space for Employer products, check for proper pricing and advise both store personnel and Employer management personnel of any errors in a timely manner. Sales Representatives will also advise such stores of any and all promotions in a timely manner and conscientiously place any and all necessary P.O.P. (Point of Purchase) materials in such stores.

It is further understood and agreed that in all other accounts a Sales Representative shall devote his working time to selling, advertising and merchandising the products of the Employer
